>> Kyle Simpson: Doug Crockford
famously said,
iif a feature is sometimes useful and
sometimes dangerous, and
if there's a better option,
then always use the better option.
As a matter of fact almost all
of the good parts stems from
this one foundational perspective.
I respect what Doug has done for
our industry,
but I couldn't disagree
more with this prospective.
Partially I disagree with this because
we throw this principle around,
and we don't even say what
we mean by these words.
So what is useful in what is dangerous,
only what dog thinks is useful dangerous?
Is there some universal definition for
useful dangerous?
How about better option?
How do we define better option?
Is there some universal standard
by which we measure better?
The statement is not useful
in its abstract sense.
It's used in its abstract sense,
but it's not useful.
So, let me put my mark in the sand and
tell you what I mean by those words, okay?
Number one, useful is when the reader
is focused on what's important,
and dangerous is when the reader
can't tell what's gonna happen.
And better is when the reader
understands the code.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
you could take that principle and
apply the specific meaning to it, but you
can't simply throw that sentence around as
a justification for why you avoid
learning an entire part of the language.
>> Kyle Simpson: The big crux here is, in
Doug's opinion, there's a better option,
which is just don't learn and
understand types.
My perspective is that's
not better at all,
because it leads to developers
systemically not understanding their code.
It's not better because it
leads to less understanding.
The takeaway, I want you to get here is
that it is irresponsible to knowingly
avoid usage of a feature that can and
does improve code readability.
It is not just simply, you're not
taking advantage of some great things,
you are actually making code worse off.
Not only for your future self, but for
all other people that need to read and
maintain your code.
>> Kyle Simpson: That tool exists and it's
irresponsible not to learn and use it.